Prerequisites:-
C# - OOP - Solid Principles - SQL Server - Linq - EF Core -
Design Pattern (Singleton Pattern- Builder Pattern- Dependency Injection) is a huge plus 
Reflection is a huge plus 


What's ASP.NET Core ?
ASP.NET is a popular web-development framework for building web apps on the NET platform.
ASP.NET Core is the open-source version of ASP.NET, that runs on macOS, linux, and Windows.
ASP.NET Core was first released in 2016 and is a re-design of earlier Windows-only versions of ASP.NET.


What's API ?
API is the acronym for Application Programming Interface which is a mechanisms that enable two 
software components to communicate with each other using a set of definitions and protocols.
APIs should:
• Be stateless : Each request is independent and must be self-contained
• Respect HTTP methods : Use appropriate methods like GET, POST, etc.
• Respect HTTP standard status codes : Use standard codes to indicate the result of a client's request, like 404 for "The requested resource could not be found."


What's HTTP ?
HTTP is the acronym for Hypertext Transfer Protocol which is the protocol that enables
the transfer of data over the internet, allowing users to access websites and other online resources.
Client(web browser or application) send HTTP Request and the server(web-server) send HTTP Response


Request Anatomy
https://www.myapp.com/api/data?q=Abc123&date=2000-01-01
Scheme: Specifies how to contact the app/server, such as http, https(The secure version of http), etc.
Host: "www.myapp.com"
Path: "api/data"
Query String: q=Abc123&date=2000-01-01


HTTP Methods & Status Codes
HTTP Methods:
Request Method: Indicates the desired action to be performed on the resource
Request Headers: HTTP headers let the client and the server pass additional information with an HTTP request or response.
They're typically used to pass authentication values, indicate the content type of a request, the desired response content
type, and other custom values.
Request Body: Body contains the data being sent to the API

HTTP Methods/Verbs:
GET: Used to get data from API
POST: Used to create new records
PUT: Used to update existing records
DELETE: Used to delete records

HTTP Status Codes:
200-299: Successful response
300-399: Redirection
400-499: Client errors
500-599:Server errors

Most Common Status Codes
200 "OK" : Successful response
201 "Created" : Resource has been created
204 "No Content" : Request succeeded but no content returned from the server
400 "Bad Request" : Request is not processed because it's not valid
401 "Unauthorized" : The client is not authenticated
403 "Forbidden" : The client is authenticated but doesn't have permission to perform the request
404 "Not Found" : The requested resource was not found
405 "Method Not Allowed" : The request method is not supported by the target resource
409 "Conflict" : The request conflicts with the current state


What's JSON ?
JSON is an acronym for JavaScript Object Notation, is an open standard format, 
which is lightweight and text-based, designed explicitly for human-readable data interchange.